APPS-1694 Describe progress metrics (#371)
aerospike/aerospike-backup-service: README.md

The HTTP metrics endpoint can be found on
the [OpenAPI specification](https://aerospike.github.io/aerospike-backup-service/) page.

### Backup Progress Monitoring

The `aerospike_backup_service_backup_progress_pct` metric provides percentage completion for running backup processes.

**Labels**

* `routine`: Name of the backup routine
* `type`: Backup type (Full or Incremental)

#### How It's Calculated

The progress percentage is calculated as:

```
Progress = (Records Processed / Total Estimated Records) × 100
```

**Total Records Estimation**

> At backup start ABS samples one partition (metadata scan only) and multiplies the sample count by total partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a backup starts, ABS samples one partition (metadata scan only) and multiplies the sample count by total partition
```

count (typically 4096).

**Duration Estimation**

Uses linear extrapolation based on current progress rate `Estimated Total Time = Elapsed Time / Progress Percentage`.
Only available after 1% completion.

**Usage Notes**

This metric provides a reasonable estimate of backup progress and completion time,
though accuracy may vary depending on actual record distribution and processing conditions.
Early estimates should be interpreted with appropriate tolerance for variance.
The metric is useful for monitoring backup status and getting approximate completion times,
especially for longer-running backup operations.

### Restore Progress Monitoring

The `aerospike_backup_service_restore_progress_pct` metric provides percentage completion for running restore processes.

**Label**

* `job_id`: The restore job ID received at restore start

#### How It's Calculated

> The progress percentage is calculated as: `Progress = (Records Processed / Total Records) × 100`

Reviewer: Use a consistent formula styling with the previous metric.

threads operating on a single cluster.

## How does the backup service identify what data to back up during incremental backups?

> The Aerospike Backup Service uses Aerospike’s scan operation to identify and backup records, 

Author: This is just formatting change
